{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue35;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue35;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18431;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18431;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Hi, my name is Uliana, I\'92m from Novosibirsk, Russia. And this is my final project for CS50.\
I created a platform game Rabbit Adventures using Lua with Love2d. That was a new language for me, so I\'92d like to thank Colton Ogden from CS50 game development and his video \'93Falling in love with Lua\'94, in which he explains some basics and cool features of love2d framework. \
\
So, my game.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here is a starter screen. 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 We 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
can choose level of difficulty that depends on the number of lives (from 1 to 5) and press space to start playing. Music and sounds are present. 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Map, number of obstacles, back images and their placement are randomly generated each time the game is launched (except for moving platform and chest area). Ground has 2 height levels. The main hero, rabbit, can throw carrots ('B' key) to collect veggies, contained in some obstacles (not every obstacle contains them). Deadly objects are thorns and flying balls. When the rabbit loses one life it becomes invulnerable for a couple of seconds. The goal is to collect all veggies before reaching the moving platform, get to the other side using the platform, fight with the chest and survive of course.}